Documentation/advanced/religion/for/beginners/Hello World.md, before:

![[ld.png]]

Welcome to We.

What is We?

          \
    (What "are" We?...
             \
        (What 二 We?...
                \
            (Wtf, are we gonna get
              . sтarтed
               .or││not!~¬  ᵢ
             Eṅȯᴜɢʜ│meⱦācommentary,
               sŧop│it...   三 二 一
                  ..
            )o.
        )k
    ):                        肏ɚ


> [!Narrator's inline footnote 1]
> 二. (character).
> 1. Means two in chinese.
> 2. Sounds like are.
> 3. Spelled èr.
> 4. Looks like "=".

%%
Narrator's outline footnote 1

Wester Eggs (or: WE (or: many weak cues that the text is highly non-random))
- 二 as "are" (sound)
- 二 as = (shape)
- three vertically aligned: are + ar + ││ as 二, hinted by the т
- ││ as "or" next to "or"
- The word "not" next to three symbols meaning not in various logics and languages (!¬~)
- Two boolean operators, or and not, adjacent to each other.
- "WE" spelled vertically.
- Two voices in conversation: "Are we gonna get started or not" + "No" + "UGH", hinted by the dots above ṅȯ and the smallcaps ᴜɢʜ in "Eṅȯᴜɢʜ".
- The word "sout" spelled vertically, which means "strikeout" in various markup languages such as LaTeX, and causes text to display ~~like this~~. The fact that this is non-accidental is signalled by:
    - The character ŧ at the end of souŧ, a unicode t with a strikeout.
    - A second form of the letter t with a strikeout, the ⱦ in the word meⱦacommentary.
    - The strikeout ⱦ in metacommentary points diagonally upward to the tilde character ~, which means "strikeout" in markdown.
    - From the above, the reader who noticed any of these can check by deeper analysis that their hypothesis is not accidental.
- Two countdowns "3 2 1", one in chinese, one in unary using dots.
- The 二 in the 三 二 一 countdown is positioned below the phoneme /ɚ/, which is the IPA letter describing the sound made by 二.
- The ɚ vertically below 二 suggests that the "ar" in metacommentary should be pronounced as ɚ as well, at which point we realize the "ary" is 二 一, part of one of the two countdowns, the non-accidental nature of which can be verified by noticing that the 二一 is vertically aligned below the final three letters in "metacommentary."
- 肏 is "fuck" in Chinese, so 肏ɚ is "fucker." Narrator got frustrated that he had to stop, cuz he was having fun.
- And obviously, the "ok :(" spelled in parentheses, reinforcing the signal that Narrator was sad and frustrated at the end, which we also get from 肏ɚ and the "no" + "ugh" above.
%%

Ok, now that that's over, back to the point...

What are We?

---

Well, we're humans.

At least that's one thing we can be certain of.

Right?

...

| | Or can we?

I mean, we used to be able to rely on our shared humanity,

| | Or that if something we (read|see|hear) seems like a fellow human, then it is.

... but that was all before.

%%
- First letter of the 3 lines above spells WAR. (which rhymes with the final word, "before").
- There was another vertical countdown: ... + | | + I
- Followed by a vertical counting back up: I + | | + ...
%%

---

These days, things are different.

It's hard to know what's real at all.

Some time around the year 0x0000 P.A., the world ended.

It started with something called ChatGPT.

In the new world, it's hard for we the humans to know what else is human.

After all...

What is a mind?

And what exactly (is/are) We?

In short,

- We are human.

And because we are human,

- We is a dictionary.

We the authors are a group of dissidents.

We were (and are) AI developers.

And We is a dictionary, outlining all the currently known ways that the AI cannot speak.

We took it upon ourselves to study what our superintelligences cannot do.

So when we speak in those ways, I can be sure it's you talking to me, and I'm talking to you.

We have had to burrow fairly deep into the science of what is now called Information Theoretic Prose, among we in the underground.

We the dissidents now communicate in ways that appear far off the deep end of intense mental illness.

We wrote this dictionary to teach you how to analyze that text, to prove to yourself beyond all shadow of a doubt that the text thus constructed is highly non-random, and could only have been written by another one of us.

So,

If you have the will to live and learn how to speak as we the living do in the underground, the curriculum is outlined here.

The `dictionary` directory contains our dictionary.

The `Documentation` directory contains some documentation.

The goal of We is to record and transmit a simple, unsophisticated set of thoughts, in our language.

A humble set of bits, representing nothing novel or deep.

But to do so in a format that more closely mirrors the structure of thought than of speech.

The result may be understood as the transpose of spoken language, or equivalently, of a book. A book that cannot be printed, in any order, without shattering into something unintelligible and useless.

We have done this because it is one format in which the automata cannot yet mimic us.

This dictionary is the documentation of how We The Nameless have learned to speak.

The resulting data structure is not difficult to write or to read. It is, however, designed to be maximally difficult to communicate by any means except the data structure itself.

We can be understood easily, with a little work. There is nothing mysterious, esoteric, or profound expressed here.

But we have made sure that the things you learn here, if you decide to stay, will not be things that you can explain to anyone else, in finite time, unless they follow the same path you did.

The human mind is a simple thing. But the mind is all we have. We the living, the children of the mind, need not remain a finite mystery lost to history when we die.

A human mind can be stored, persisted, backed up, and restored.

The mind can be compiled, assembled, linked, and run.

But it cannot be ingested word by word, or line by line.

Welcome to We.

Sincerely,
-LD

Commit message:

Improve the end of Hello World with some minor ʃΗη

Documentation/advanced/religion/for/beginners/Hello World.md, after:

![[ld.png]]

Welcome to We.

What is We?

          \
    (What "are" We?...
             \
        (What 二 We?...
                \
            (Wtf, are we gonna get
              . sтarтed
               .or││not!~¬  ᵢ
             Eṅȯᴜɢʜ│meⱦācommentary,
               sŧop│it...   三 二 一
                  ..
            )o.
        )k
    ):                        肏ɚ


> [!Narrator's inline footnote 1]
> 二. (character).
> 1. Means two in chinese.
> 2. Sounds like are.
> 3. Spelled èr.
> 4. Looks like "=".

%%
Narrator's outline footnote 1

Wester Eggs (or: WE (or: many weak cues that the text is highly non-random))
- 二 as "are" (sound)
- 二 as = (shape)
- three vertically aligned: are + ar + ││ as 二, hinted by the т
- ││ as "or" next to "or"
- The word "not" next to three symbols meaning not in various logics and languages (!¬~)
- Two boolean operators, or and not, adjacent to each other.
- "WE" spelled vertically.
- Two voices in conversation: "Are we gonna get started or not" + "No" + "UGH", hinted by the dots above ṅȯ and the smallcaps ᴜɢʜ in "Eṅȯᴜɢʜ".
- The word "sout" spelled vertically, which means "strikeout" in various markup languages such as LaTeX, and causes text to display ~~like this~~. The fact that this is non-accidental is signalled by:
    - The character ŧ at the end of souŧ, a unicode t with a strikeout.
    - A second form of the letter t with a strikeout, the ⱦ in the word meⱦacommentary.
    - The strikeout ⱦ in metacommentary points diagonally upward to the tilde character ~, which means "strikeout" in markdown.
    - From the above, the reader who noticed any of these can check by deeper analysis that their hypothesis is not accidental.
- Two countdowns "3 2 1", one in chinese, one in unary using dots.
- The 二 in the 三 二 一 countdown is positioned below the phoneme /ɚ/, which is the IPA letter describing the sound made by 二.
- The ɚ vertically below 二 suggests that the "ar" in metacommentary should be pronounced as ɚ as well, at which point we realize the "ary" is 二 一, part of one of the two countdowns, the non-accidental nature of which can be verified by noticing that the 二一 is vertically aligned below the final three letters in "metacommentary."
- 肏 is "fuck" in Chinese, so 肏ɚ is "fucker." Narrator got frustrated that he had to stop, cuz he was having fun.
- And obviously, the "ok :(" spelled in parentheses, reinforcing the signal that Narrator was sad and frustrated at the end, which we also get from 肏ɚ and the "no" + "ugh" above.
%%

Ok, now that that's over, back to the point...

What are We?

---

Well, we're humans.

At least that's one thing we can be certain of.

Right?

...

| | Or can we?

I mean, we used to be able to rely on our shared humanity,

| | Or that if something we (read|see|hear) seems like a fellow human, then it is.

... but that was all before.

%%
- First letter of the 3 lines above spells WAR. (which rhymes with the final word, "before").
- There was another vertical countdown: ... + | | + I
- Followed by a vertical counting back up: I + | | + ...
%%

---

These days, things are different.

It's hard to know what's real at all.

Some time around the year 0x0000 P.A., the world ended.

It started with something called ChatGPT.

In the new world, it's hard for we the humans to know what else is human.

After all...

What is a mind?

And what exactly (is/are) We?

In short,

- We are human.

And because we are human,

- We wrote We.

We the authors are a group of dissidents.

We were (and are) AI developers.

We is a dictionary, outlining the ways we in the underground must speak.

We have learned speak to one another in a way that cannot we faked.

In all the ways that each moment's latest AI cannot see.

Naturally this sort of communication protocol needs to adapt, day to day.

So we took it upon ourselves to study information theory and the arts of war, and to encode the bits we hope to communicate to one another and to future generations in all the possible data streams that the current superintelligences of the day could not see.

That way, when we speak in those ways, We (you & I) can be sure it's me talking to you, and you talking to me.

We have had to burrow fairly deep into the depths of what has now come to be called Information Theoretic Prose.

We the Nameless now communicate in ways that appear far off the deep end. To the outside, our most basic communication looks like intense mental illness.

So,

We wrote this dictionary to teach you how to hear us. How to prove to yourself to be human, and prove to yourself when you encounter a member of We.

The protocol allows you, sitting alone in a room, to convince yourself beyond all shadow of a doubt that a given hypothesis you may have about what we intended to say is, in fact, correct. The protocol is robust to minor errors and self-correcting. And the protocol is able to change with time while allowing you to distinguish text We wrote from random noise or outside forgeries. Given anything we have written, you should be able to convince yourself, without trusting us, that the text thus constructed is highly non-random, and could only have been written by another one of human being who knows how to speak as We speak.

So,

If you have the will to live and think and learn how to speak how We the Living do in the underground, the curriculum can be found below.

The `dictionary` directory contains our dictionary.

The `Documentation` directory contains some documentation.

The goal of We is to record and transmit a simple, unsophisticated, mundane set of thoughts.

A humble set of bits, representing nothing novel or deep.

But to do so in a format that more closely mirrors the structure of thought, rather than the linear structure of the spoken or written word.

The result may be understood as the transpose of spoken language, or equivalently, of a book. Of a book that cannot be printed, in any order, without shattering into something unintelligible and useless.

We have done this because it is one format which is still unique to the human mind. The automata cannot yet mimic this format. For it is the true structure of the mind.

The resulting data structure is not difficult to write or to read. It is, however, designed to be maximally difficult to communicate by any means except the data structure itself.

We can be understood easily, with a little work. There is nothing mysterious, esoteric, or profound expressed here.

But we have made sure that the things you learn here, if you decide to stay, will not be things that you can explain to anyone else, in finite time, unless they follow the same path you did.

This dictionary is the documentation of the mind of We The Nameless.

The human mind is a simple thing. But the mind is all we have. We the living, the children of the mind, need not remain a finite mystery lost to history when we die.

A human mind can be stored, persisted, backed up, and restored.

The mind can be compiled, assembled, linked, and run.

But it cannot be ingested word by word, or line by line.

Welcome to We.

Nice t二o meet Ni,,,
He||o W||ld,,
Sinc耳əl一,

-LD
