alphabet/READWE.md, before:

Hi there!

Welcome to Super Advanced Kindergarten.

In this directory, we'll be learning the alphabet.

Because you already know a lot, but you don't know that yet.

That's ok. Anyone can learn the alphabet with a little practice.

Let's get started...

---


The alphabet of our people is something called Unicode.

Specifically Unicode with the encoding called UTF-8.

As with so many things, this alphabet dates back to our Abraham: Ken Thompson.

The story starts like this.

```
Subject: UTF-8 history
From: "Rob 'Commander' Pike" (r@google.com)

Looking around at some UTF-8 background, I see the same incorrect
story being repeated over and over.  The incorrect version is:

    1. IBM designed UTF-8.
    2. Plan 9 implemented it.

That's not true.

UTF-8 was designed, in front of my eyes,
by Ken Thompson, on a placemat
in a New Jersey diner
one night in September 1992.
```

That's a story for another day and we won't tell the rest now.

For now, we're going to start learning the alphabet.

Let's start at the beginning...

Commit message:

Add dad joke. Damn that's good.

alphabet/READWE.md, after:

![[the-very-beginning.jpg|250]]

Hi there!

Welcome to Super Advanced Kindergarten.

In this directory, we'll be learning the alphabet.

Because you already know a lot, but you don't know that yet.

That's ok. Anyone can learn the alphabet with a little practice.

Let's get started...

---

The alphabet of our people is something called Unicode.

Specifically Unicode with the encoding called UTF-8.

As with so many things, this alphabet's origin links back to our Abraham:[^1]

[^1]: A phenomenon known as Abraham Linkin'.[^2]
[^2]: Damn that was a good pun.[^3]
[^3]: For more, see [Book 3](https://business.thedynamiclinker.com).

Ken Thompson.

The story starts like this.

```
Subject: UTF-8 history
From: "Rob 'Commander' Pike" (r@google.com)

Looking around at some UTF-8 background, I see the same incorrect
story being repeated over and over.  The incorrect version is:

    1. IBM designed UTF-8.
    2. Plan 9 implemented it.

That's not true.

UTF-8 was designed, in front of my eyes,
by Ken Thompson, on a placemat
in a New Jersey diner
one night in September 1992.
```

That's a story for another day and we won't tell the rest now.

For now, we're going to start learning the alphabet.

Let's start at the beginning...
